# Wiser Date for Rails

[wiser_date](https://github.com/kennethjohnbalgos/wiser_date) is a date formatting plugin written by [Kenneth John Balgos](https://github.com/kennethjohnbalgos). Wiser Date features dynamic presentation of feed timestamps. Right now, it only displays the date statically. I'm writing the jQuery scripts to update the displays dynamically.

## Installing Gem

    gem "wiser_date"

## Using the javascripts -- Coming Soon

Require jquery.wiser_date in your app/assets/application.js file.

    //= require jquery.wiser_date

## Usage

Use the wiser_date function in your views.

    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at %>
    
@user.last_login_at can be any timestamp you want to display.
Assume that the valus is set to Mon, 10 Sept 2012 12:21:16 UTC +00:00.

## Options

You can customized the behavior of the date display using the following options:


date_format - Overrides the default date format [default: "%b %d, %Y"]
    
    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at, :date_format => "%Y-%m-%d" %>
    # 

time_format - Overrides the default time format [default: "%l:%M%P"]
    
    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at, :time_format => "%H:%M:%S" %>

humanize - Convert date to more readable string [default: true]
    
    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at, :humanize => false %>

time_first - Display time first instead of date [default: false]
    
    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at, :time_first => true %>

hide_same_year - Will not display the year if the it is the same with the current year [default: false]
    
    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at, :hide_same_year => true %>

capitalize - Capitalize the first letter of the date displayed [default: true]
    
    <%= wiser_date @user.last_login_at, :capitalize => true %>

## Thanks
Thanks to [Kenneth John Balgos](https://github.com/kennethjohnbalgos) for writing an awesome real-time date display plugin.

## Support
Open an issue in [wiser_date](https://github.com/kennethjohnbalgos/wiser_date) if you need further support or want to report a bug.
